And I tell you a story. I got invited to a party 
which was big for me. Okay? I don't get invited to
a lot of parties. All right? I get there. I didn't 
know there would be hard drugs at this party,
you know? And like I don't judge or anything. 
It's just that someone offered me heroin,
right? Like here's the hierarchy for me is that 
like weed, everybody understands weed. Hey, what
whatever. You know what I mean? Cocaine, you're 
living on the edge. crack, you've made a mistake.
But no one doing heroin has a five-year 
plan. No one. Okay? If you do heroin,
you either play the guitar really well 
or you just have a lot of feelings. I
don't know what to say about you. So, he 
offered me heroin like it was normal. I
didn't want to not seem cool, but 
I didn't want to take the heroin.
And so, he passed it to me and I was like, 
"No thanks, man. I am stuffed. I could not
have any more heroin today. I have had my 
fill. M I am good. Thank you. I live in New
York now. I moved to New York from Chicago 
and I wasn't ready. I'm not Lots of things
I was not ready for. One was the rats. 
I don't know if you guys have rats here,
but no one has rats like New York cuz 
the rest of the world's rats have shame.
I saw a rat inside. All right. And he saw 
me see him and instead of scurrying away,
he was just like, "Sup, dog." Like that's what 
is that? What is the And I I I'm 800 times bigger
than him. I could step on him and kill him. And 
he was like, "But you won't though." Like that.
I'd never been more scared. I saw my friend got 
a cat. Got a cat and was like, "It's so great.
She eats all the like she eats little roaches. 
you. You might even get after a rat. The cat was
scared of the rat. The cat was like, "I'm fine. 
I'm going to get on this ledge and wait for him
to leave." All right. It's devastating. The other 
thing I wasn't ready for was the third graders.
I don't know what it is about being born and 
raised in Brooklyn or the Bronx that makes you
such a natural bully, but they're monsters. Okay? 
I'm ter they're little terrorists. All right?
I'm more scared of third graders now than I was 
in third grade. I actually asked to get off work
early so I could make sure I was in my house when 
they got out of school because I didn't want to
run into them anymore. They're little monsters. 
Like I was just walking down the street and one
was like, "Hey, hey." First of all, too much base 
for a third grader. All right. I turned around
almost called him sir by accident. I didn't know 
who was talking to me. I try. He's like, "Hey,
what's up, Bird Shoulders?" I don't know 
what that means, but I went home and cried
afterward. You ever have someone make fun 
of you and it does, you don't even get it,
but it hits such a core part of who you are 
that you get hurt anyway. Like I was s I My
body hasn't changed since it happened. I probably 
still have bird shoulder. I have no idea what
it is. I have a lot of fears since I'm little, 
you know? I'm I'm scared of a lot of things. My
biggest fear above like rats or third graders or 
anything else is just finding a dead white girl.
In fact, I think that's why 
there's no black ghost hunters,
cuz we don't want to come in a room and just
I'm too black to just find her. There's going to 
be an investigation. There's going to be leads,
okay? People are going to be calling in. 
They're going to use a picture of me on
the news. It's not going to be a good one. It's 
not going to be a picture with me looking like
the first picture day or something. It's going 
to be me stubbing my toe like and you're gonna
see that on the news and be like, "He did 
it. Look at him." Who smiles bottom teeth
first? He is a murderer. In fact, I'm so 
scared that I would walk in, see her dead,
scream, someone runs and be like, "What did you 
do?" No, that was my scream. That was not her.
I know it's hard to believe, but I screamed 
the way she would have screamed had this been
me to her. But please don't. Okay, I'll go 
to jail now and I won't last. I had to take
a flight. Another fear that's creeping towards 
the top of the list is uh tiny planes. You know,
I had to take a tiny plane. I didn't think it 
would be a big deal. It only seated eight people.
It's the tiniest plane I've ever been on. It 
was so small that there was no cockpit. So,
I could see the captain and the co-pilot. I could 
hear both of them. At one point during the flight,
the captain was like, "Whoa." I was like, 
"What? What? What? Oh my god. What? No,
don't act like I can't hear you, sir. We're 
talking right now." Okay. Do I need to get up
and head? Don't tell me to sit down. I can't 
stand up. The plane's not that big. I should
have known something was wrong because I got to 
the gate and they wanted to weigh my carryons,
which never happens. But I was like, "Fine, 
backpack's 13 pounds, laptops 4 lbs with the
case." And then they were like, "How much do you 
weigh?" And I was like, "How small is the plane?
How small is the plane? You need to know my 125 lb 
body weighs 125 lbs." And then I get to the plane,
I'm like, "That makes sense." Okay, fair enough. 
It's the smallest plane I've ever been on.
And like it took like this this plane I I 
know it's not nice. I know it's not kind,
but like I was the youngest person on this flight 
by far. Everyone else was 80 and up. So a real
thought I had on the flight was, "This is heaven's 
waiting room. I got to get out of here. This is
terrible. She already looked dead." And so her 
soldiers had to step out to get to heaven. I don't
want to be up here with people dying. And you know 
that overhead compartment that's supposed to drop
an air mask if there's too much turbulence, that's 
not there at all. It's just little Bibles fall out
cuz you're going to die. So, you might as well 
get a verse in or something. You're dead. Okay.
It was terrible. And like we were we were flying 
and like I I just I was I was having these heart
palpitations and everything. I couldn't I 
didn't know if I would last or anything.
And then I I don't know how planes work, okay? 
I can't pretend. I'm not a genius. All right?
But at least the big planes take off right away. 
It took this little plane so long to take off. I
thought we were going to drive there. This plane 
is actually leaving the ground and coming back
down and leaving the ground and come back down to 
the point where I looked at the pilot. I was like,
"Do we all need to jump at the same time? What's 
going to keep me in the air? I just want to get to
the place, please." Guys, I'm Josh Johnson. Thanks 
so much. You have a great night. Appreciate it.